so powerbook 2 goes season 2 it's not
too far away and november the 21st will
come around very quickly and i will be
starting my character breakdowns a week
or two just before in the lead up to the
premiere episode so you guys know
everything with regards to every single
character going into the new season but
over the last few weeks they've been
drip feeding information on season two
such as news images and the official
release date for the premiere episode
and they've released some more
information about a new character who's
going to be appearing in a heavy
recurring role and his name is lucas but
why he remains a mystery is because
they've not given us too much
information on this new character which
is very strange because when they've
announced new characters for powerbook 2
ghosts raising canaan or powerbook 4
force they've given us character
descriptions for their characters which
gives us a bit of insight into their
background what to expect and any
possible connections they may have for
example with mecca when they announced
his character we knew he'd be involved
with the tahardas and reappearing in new
york at the perfect time when they need
a new connect but the last time they
actually did something like this was for
detective howard who they kept a bit of
a mystery i assumed because he was
kanan's father and the role that he was
playing and raising kanan is a bit of a
big one and he ties into the whole story
arc for power as well but this was kind
of revealed before going into raising
canaan anyway because there were loads
of rumors that he was going to be
playing kanan's father before the season
even began but we did get a character
description closer to episode one but it
seems as if they want to keep this
character's story role and possible
connections a secret for now but why
they're keeping a secret i'm sure this
is something we'll find out at some
point in season two so i'm going to
leave the link to the article down below
for the news on lucas and i will be
doing character profiles in the lead up
to the premiere episode just like i did
with raising kanan and i do think we'll
be getting the season 2 trailer at some
point in the next two weeks as well so
that's definitely something to look
forward to for those who aren't watching
bmf right now but drop all your
predictions down below on lucas and any
thoughts on power book 2 season 2 and
any predictions drop them down below in
the comments section and of course if
you're new to the channel and you
haven't done so already so remember to
smash the subscriber and you shouldn't
see everything power book 2 and power
universe related but as always thank you
guys for watching and i'll see you
next time